Gh-483: Add documentation on Named Views (#485)
gchq/gaffer-doc: docs/administration-guide/named-views.md

    === "Java"

        ```java
        final GetElements operation = new GetElements.Builder()
            .input(new EntitySeed("John"))
            .view(new NamedView.Builder()
                .name("exampleNamedView")
                .build())
            .build();

        graph.execute(operation, user)
        ```

    === "JSON"

        ```json 
        {
            "class": "GetElements",
            "input": [
                {
                    "class": "EntitySeed",
                    "vertex": "John"
                }
            ],
            "view": {
                "class": "NamedView", 
                "name": "exampleNamedView"
            }
        }
        ```

    === "Python"

        ```python
        g_connector.execute_operation(
            operation = g.GetElements(
                input = [g.EntitySeed(vertex = "John")]
                view = g.View(
                   g.NamedView(
                        name="exampleNamedView"
                   )
                )
            )
        )
        ```

!!! example "Delete a NamedView"
    This removes the NamedView from the cache. Note that if you delete a Named View 

>     any referencing Operation Chains or Named Operations will fail. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    any Operation Chains or Named Operations which reference it will fail. 
```
